# Prompt Log – UI/UX DESIGNER (De Mesa, Saira Sofia S.)
**Role:** 

## Entry 1
**Date:** March 31, 2026 

**Task:**  Acquiring a basic Login Structure for the CMS

**Prompt given to AI:**  Generate me a Login UI for my Customer Management System that has an option to sign in with Google

**What the AI produced:**  A basic split type login UI containing the login and register page

**What I changed / improved:**  Changed the color to fit our color palette (purple), remove some unnecessary buttons such as forget password as well as adjusted some basic information about the system on the side part of the Login UI

**Why:**  Unnecessary information in the UI that is not needed as well as removing the option to forget password as the document deliverables specifically stated not to implement that functionality. 

---

## Entry 2
**Date:** March 31, 2026 

**Task:** Providing a Light Mode and Dark Mode for the Login UI

**Prompt given to AI:**   Based on the existing Login UI and Register page, can you provide a light mode version of it.

**What the AI produced:**  Two version of the same UI for Light Mode and Dark Mode

**What I changed / improved:**  Adjusted some container sizes as well as implementing a button for toggling between the two modes. 

**Why:**  Changes sizes to promote structure on the overall design as well as the implementation between the two modes so the user can toggle between the two modes based on their preference

---

## Entry 3
**Date:** April 3, 2026 

**Task:** Making a Superadmin Dashboard

**Prompt given to AI:**  Based on the past design structure, can you provide a UI for a Superadmin structure based on this deliverables, Customer, Sales, Products, Admin, Deleted Customers links as well as to add additional functionalities as needed. 

**What the AI produced:**  Provided a sample Superadmin UI 

**What I changed / improved:** Removed unnecessary fields such as static analytics and graphs and removed the search bar field as it's not needed just yet. 

**Why:**  Static sample analytics and graphs are not needed as dynamic information such as this will be implemented later on.

---

## Entry 4
**Date:** April 3, 2026 

**Task:** Making a Loading Spinner

**Prompt given to AI:**  Based on the past design structure and color schema, can you provide a Loading Spinner that will be used when transitioning from Login UI to the Dashboard. 

**What the AI produced:**  Provided a sample Loading Spinner UI that contains animation.

**What I changed / improved:** Retained the design but applied a 10 second waiting time for the Loading Spinner before being redirected to the Superadmin Dashboard. 

**Why:** There is no limit applied to the Loading Spinner that will prevent pages redirection so a limit is applied.


**Next entries will be added as I continue using AI for [tasks].**


